Improve v8 changelog (#4134)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

- New `Scope` types have been introduced, see "Behavioural Changes" for more details.
- Lifecycle tokens have been introduced to manage `Scope` lifecycle, see "Behavioural Changes" for more details.
- Bumping `minSdk` level to 21 (Android 5.0)
- Our `sentry-opentelemetry-agent` has been improved and now works in combination with the rest of Sentry. You may now combine OpenTelemetry and Sentry for instrumenting your application.
    - You may now use both OpenTelemetry SDK and Sentry SDK to capture transactions and spans. They can also be mixed and end up on the same transaction.

>     - OpenTelemetry extends the Sentry SDK by adding spans for numerous integrations, like Ktor, {TODO more} and MongoDB. Please check [the OpenTelemetry GitHub repository](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/tree/main/instrumentation) for a full list.

Author: check dynamodb

Author: doesn't work OOTB, see https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/issues/4086

>     - OpenTelemetry extends the Sentry SDK by adding spans for numerous integrations, like Ktor, {TODO more} and MongoDB. Please check [the OpenTelemetry GitHub repository](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/tree/main/instrumentation) for a full list.

Author: ```suggestion
    - OpenTelemetry extends the Sentry SDK by adding spans for numerous integrations, like Ktor, Vert.x and MongoDB. Please check [the OpenTelemetry GitHub repository](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/tree/main/instrumentation) for a full list.
```

>     - OpenTelemetry allows propagating trace information from and to additional libraries, that Sentry did not support before. {TODO examples}

Author: ```suggestion
    - OpenTelemetry allows propagating trace information from and to additional libraries, that Sentry did not support before, for example gRPC.
```

>     - OpenTelemetry also has broader support for propagating the Sentry `Scopes` through reactive libraries like {TODO examples}

Author: ```suggestion
    - OpenTelemetry also has broader support for propagating the Sentry `Scopes` through reactive libraries like RxJava.
```

>     - OpenTelemetry also has broader support for propagating the Sentry `Scopes` through reactive libraries like {TODO examples}

Author: check rxjava, vertx
